[doc] fix: docs about TIMESTAMP_LTZ (#1416)
alibaba/fluss: website/docs/table-design/data-types.md

| TIMESTAMP(p)                                                             | A timestamp WITHOUT time zone where p is the number of digits of fractional seconds (=precision). p must have a value between 0 and 9 (both inclusive). <br/>An instance consists of `year-month-day hour:minute:second[.fractional]` with up to nanosecond precision and values ranging from 0000-01-01 00:00:00.000000000 to 9999-12-31 23:59:59.999999999.<br/>Compared to the SQL standard, leap seconds (23:59:60 and 23:59:61) are not supported as the semantics are closer to java. time. LocalDateTime.                                     |

> | TIMESTAMP_LTZ                                                            | A timestamp WITH local time zone `TIMESTAMP WITH LOCAL TIME ZONE` with 6 digits of fractional seconds by default. <br/>An instance consists of `year-month-day hour:minute:second[.fractional]` with up to microsecond precision and values ranging from 0000-01-01 00:00:00.000000000 to 9999-12-31 23:59:59.999999999. <br/> Compared to the SQL standard, leap seconds (23:59:60 and 23:59:61) are not supported as the semantics are closer to java. time. LocalDateTime.                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| TIMESTAMP_LTZ                                                            | A timestamp WITH local time zone `TIMESTAMP WITH LOCAL TIME ZONE` with 6 digits of fractional seconds by default. <br/>An instance consists of `year-month-day hour:minute:second[.fractional]` with up to microsecond precision and values ranging from 0000-01-01 00:00:00.000000 to 9999-12-31 23:59:59.999999. <br/> Compared to the SQL standard, leap seconds (23:59:60 and 23:59:61) are not supported as the semantics are closer to java. time. Instant.                                                                        |
```

> | TIMESTAMP_LTZ(p)                                                         | A timestamp WITH local time zone `TIMESTAMP WITH LOCAL TIME ZONE` where p is the number of digits of fractional seconds (=precision). p must have a value between 0 and 9 (both inclusive). <br/>An instance consists of `year-month-day hour:minute:second[.fractional]` with up to nanosecond precision and values ranging from 0000-01-01 00:00:00.000000000 to 9999-12-31 23:59:59.999999999. <br/> Compared to the SQL standard, leap seconds (23:59:60 and 23:59:61) are not supported as the semantics are closer to java. time. LocalDateTime |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| TIMESTAMP_LTZ(p)                                                         | A timestamp WITH local time zone `TIMESTAMP WITH LOCAL TIME ZONE` where p is the number of digits of fractional seconds (=precision). p must have a value between 0 and 9 (both inclusive). <br/>An instance consists of `year-month-day hour:minute:second[.fractional]` with up to nanosecond precision and values ranging from 0000-01-01 00:00:00.000000000 to 9999-12-31 23:59:59.999999999. <br/> Compared to the SQL standard, leap seconds (23:59:60 and 23:59:61) are not supported as the semantics are closer to java. time. Instant |
```
